README.md, before:

 <!--
SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2020 SAP SE or an SAP affiliate company and contributors.

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
-->


# Financial Services Accelerator
Financial Services Accelerator is storefront based on [Spartacus](https://github.com/SAP/spartacus) framework. This storefront is specialized for insurance and banking services and it's working with 
SAP Commerce over Commerce REST API.

# Storefront Features

Documentation about features and usage of financial services accelerator could be found [here](https://sap.github.io/spartacus-docs/building-the-fsa-storefront-from-libraries)

# Requirements

If you are working with Financial Spartacus 1.0.x, your Angular development environment should include the following:

- [Angular CLI](https://angular.io/): **9.1** or later, < 10.0
- node.js: 10.14.1 or later, < 13.0. The most recent 12.x version is recommended.
- yarn: v1.15 or later

# Download and Installation

To get up and running with Financial Spartacus Storefront, the recommended approach is to build your storefront application from ready-made libraries. You can also clone and build from source, but upgrading is not as simple.

For complete setup instructions, see [Building the Financial Spartacus Storefront from Libraries](https://sap.github.io/spartacus-docs/building-the-fsa-storefront-from-libraries/).

# API Documentation

The FSA Spartacus API documentation is hosted here: [https://sap.github.io/spartacus-financial-services-accelerator/](https://sap.github.io/spartacus-financial-services-accelerator/)

The API documentation is versioned and is included in the **Assets** folder of each and every FSA Spartacus library. You can download the API documentation for a particular version by accessing the **Assets** folder of any FSA Spartacus library from that particular release, and then clicking on `docs.tar.gz` or `docs.zip`.


**Note:** The FSA Spartacus API is separate from the FSA Commerce OCC REST APIs that FSA Spartacus consumes. 

# Limitations

Beta version of Financial Spartacus is recommended to use with SAP Commerce 2005.5 and Financial Services Accelerator 2008.2 version. 

# Known Issues

Known issues are documented in the GitHub issue tracking system.

# How to Obtain Support

Financial Spartacus is provided "as-is" with no official lines of support.

# Contributing

Team Spartacus welcomes feedback, ideas, requests, and especially code contributions.

- Post comments to our Feedback chat in our [Slack](https://spartacus-storefront.slack.com/archives/C014K1LRJAY) channel.
- Read the [Contributing document](https://sap.github.io/spartacus-docs/contributors-guide/) and learn how to:
  - Help others
  - Report an issue
  - Contribute code to Spartacus

# To Do

Many improvements are coming! All tasks will be posted to our GitHub issue tracking system. As mentioned, some of the improvements will mean breaking changes. While we strive to avoid doing so, we cannot guarantee this will not happen before the first release.


# License

Copyright (c) 2020 SAP SE or an SAP affiliate company. All rights reserved.
This file is licensed under the Apache Software License, v. 2 except as noted otherwise in the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file.

Commit message:

NOTASK: Add REUSE information to README

README.md, after:

 <!--
SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2020 SAP SE or an SAP affiliate company and contributors.

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
-->

[![REUSE status](https://api.reuse.software/badge/github.com/SAP/spartacus-financial-services-accelerator)](https://api.reuse.software/info/github.com/SAP/spartacus-financial-services-accelerator)

# Financial Services Accelerator
Financial Services Accelerator is storefront based on [Spartacus](https://github.com/SAP/spartacus) framework. This storefront is specialized for insurance and banking services and it's working with 
SAP Commerce over Commerce REST API.

# Storefront Features

Documentation about features and usage of financial services accelerator could be found [here](https://sap.github.io/spartacus-docs/building-the-fsa-storefront-from-libraries)

# Requirements

If you are working with Financial Spartacus 1.0.x, your Angular development environment should include the following:

- [Angular CLI](https://angular.io/): **9.1** or later, < 10.0
- node.js: 10.14.1 or later, < 13.0. The most recent 12.x version is recommended.
- yarn: v1.15 or later

# Download and Installation

To get up and running with Financial Spartacus Storefront, the recommended approach is to build your storefront application from ready-made libraries. You can also clone and build from source, but upgrading is not as simple.

For complete setup instructions, see [Building the Financial Spartacus Storefront from Libraries](https://sap.github.io/spartacus-docs/building-the-fsa-storefront-from-libraries/).

# API Documentation

The FSA Spartacus API documentation is hosted here: [https://sap.github.io/spartacus-financial-services-accelerator/](https://sap.github.io/spartacus-financial-services-accelerator/)

The API documentation is versioned and is included in the **Assets** folder of each and every FSA Spartacus library. You can download the API documentation for a particular version by accessing the **Assets** folder of any FSA Spartacus library from that particular release, and then clicking on `docs.tar.gz` or `docs.zip`.


**Note:** The FSA Spartacus API is separate from the FSA Commerce OCC REST APIs that FSA Spartacus consumes. 

# Limitations

Beta version of Financial Spartacus is recommended to use with SAP Commerce 2005.5 and Financial Services Accelerator 2008.2 version. 

# Known Issues

Known issues are documented in the GitHub issue tracking system.

# How to Obtain Support

Financial Spartacus is provided "as-is" with no official lines of support.

# Contributing

Team Spartacus welcomes feedback, ideas, requests, and especially code contributions.

- Post comments to our Feedback chat in our [Slack](https://spartacus-storefront.slack.com/archives/C014K1LRJAY) channel.
- Read the [Contributing document](https://sap.github.io/spartacus-docs/contributors-guide/) and learn how to:
  - Help others
  - Report an issue
  - Contribute code to Spartacus

# To Do

Many improvements are coming! All tasks will be posted to our GitHub issue tracking system. As mentioned, some of the improvements will mean breaking changes. While we strive to avoid doing so, we cannot guarantee this will not happen before the first release.

# License

Copyright (c) 2020-2021 SAP SE or an SAP affiliate company and spartacus-financial-services-accelerator contributors. Please see our [LICENSE](LICENSE) for copyright and license information. Detailed information including third-party components and their licensing/copyright information is available [via the REUSE tool](https://api.reuse.software/info/github.com/SAP/spartacus-financial-services-accelerator).
